---
layout: post
title: CS373WeekOne
---

## What did you do this past week? ##
It has been a busier first week than ones from past semesters. In class, we went over different testing methods we would be using, especially those specific to Python. The class is engaging so far and I'm optimistic about the rest of the semester. I've also been playing around with Docker, which we will use in class later.

## What's in your way? ##
The biggest hurdle I've been dealing with is low energy levels. I usually feel a bit run down the first week back. However, my abnormal sleep schedule and spotty exercise schedule are not helping. In the next week, I'm going to try to address these problems before schoolwork picks up. 

It has also been awhile since I have coded in Python, so I'm trying to review the language. Coming off of CS331 Algorithms, I feel that my high-level coding skills are rusty and need maintenance. 

## What will you do next week? ##
My primary goal is to regain my normal energy levels and readjust to school life. My schedule is finalized so maintaining a normal schedule should not be difficult. I'm going to try finishing as much work as I can during the beginning of the week, to reduce the workload later. 

## What's my experience of the class? ##
I've enjoyed the class so far. The lectures are engaging and I like Professor Downing style of teaching. The examples given to illustrate the concepts are clear and easily understandable. 

## Tip of the week ##
I don't really have any advice, but I found this site interesting: https://collapsed.co/. It shows different failed startups and the reasons why they failed. It is interesting to read about the different mistakes entrepreneurs have made, from flawed promo codes to scalability issues.
