---
layout: post
title: Week Two
---

## What did you do this past week? ##
Although it has been a tougher start to the semester than previous ones, I'm doing my best to power through it. This week, we went over the Collatz project and the "workflow" needed to do the project. I have been reviewing Python on my own to have a better understanding of the examples shown in class. Brushing up on Python will also help me in the Collatz project, which is due soon. 

## What's in your way? ##
I'm still dealing with decreased energy levels from the first week, but I'm hoping to shake it off in the upcoming week. My sleep schedule is getting back to normal, so that should help a bit. The readings are not paticularly interesting, but since they are required I'm getting through them. Although the work seems overwhelming at times, breaking it into smaller daily pieces helps. 

## What will you do next week? ##
My primary goal is to catch up with the reading and successfully finish the Collatz project. I fell behind on some of the reading from last week and it hurt me in the daily quizzes, so I'm hoping to rectify that mistake in the next week. Besides those, I will try to remain on top of my other classes so I can focus on this one.  

## What's my experience of the class? ##
I am enjoying this class so far. It is very nerve racking to be randomly called on in class, but I am getting used to Professor Downing's style of teaching. The quizzes seem a fair assessment of how much attention you paid in class and to the readings. The piazza answers are really useful in getting through the Collatz project successfully. 

## Tip of the week ##
My tip of the week is to check out this book: https://learnpythonthehardway.org/. I originally used it to learn basic python, and am currently using it to review. For me, learning a new language does not come naturally, so having a good guide is invaluable. 
