---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

## What did you do this past week? ##
This past week has been decently busy, mostly because of tests in other classes. My Intro to Buddhism class tests on Sanskrit vocabulary, so I had to put in a lot of work to memorize it. Both quizzes/tests I took went well, and I'm hoping that the SWE test goes well too. I've been reviewing the Python samples in preparation for the test, but I'm a bit worried about trying to remember all the reading.

## What's in your way? ##
As mentioned, I'm a little worried about trying to remember all the reading required for the test. I'm also in the process of going through all the Python code, which is massive on its own. A sample test would be extremely helpful, but I do not think that will be released. I have not been doing as well as I’d hope in the quizzes, so I'll need to prepare hard for the incoming test. I've never taken a whole test on Canvas, so I'm a bit anxious about that.

## What will you do next week? ##
My primary goal is to successfully prepare for the SWE test. I'm worried about doing well, but I'm hoping that the daily review will help.  Outside of SWE, I have a quiz and project in Data Management that I need to study for/work on.  

## What's my experience of the class? ##
Still enjoying the class. I feel that it has been too focused on Python, but at least I'll have a comprehensive understanding of the langugage. The reading is much more focused on Software Engineering than the lectures or projects though.  

## Tip of the week ##
Found this page while stumbling on a forum: http://jonathanzwhite.github.io/yc-careers/. It links to the career page of YC-backed companies. Hopefully it will be useful in the future.